Notes/Day-100/README.md, before:

# The end of 100 Days
> This is the end of the 100 Days web development learning process. I'm learning anything new today, just do a overview or rewind on what I've learn in general.

---

## Frontend
Frontend is basically an entry or endpoint for the user to interact with our web application, here we need HTML for structuring our webpage, 
CSS for decorating it, JavaScript for manipulating the DOM element as well as play the role of fetching data from the client-side. 
Three of them are crucial to build a proper website, you can barely build a decent functional website without any of them.

## Backend
Backend is actually the part weighted the most for any business application, its role is to take care of all the business logic like user login / logout, 
letting the user make changes on their profile for say, which requires a requests to the server, then the backend server send a sql query to the database to modify the data.

In order the build up a website with user data or public information stored on it, we need a database, and the backend server play an important role to interact with the database as well.

## Dynamic Website
Dynamic website as opposed to static website, are able to display data / information based on what we've got, instead of showing fixed / hard code data like static website. 
And among them, we can build our own dynamic website with vanilla JavaScript for the frontend, and some template engine for the backend. 

## Frontend Framework
Nowaday, the number of smart devices are outweighing the number of desktop or laptop, it's more often we can see user browser with their mobile phone. 
Therefore, we're considering a website a proper user interactive website and responsive web design for website that are able to response to the user interaction, 
like clicking a button and the button will response visually, and website that will automatically fit on the screen based on the user's device.

However, even though pure Javascript can work it out for hundred percent, but it needs much more effort to build a proper user interactive website, 
and this is where a frontend framework come to place. A Frontend Framwork can simpify the processes of developing a high standard website, 
it makes complex project and large scale code based project more stuctural and maintainable.

## Backend Framework
Like vanilla JavaScript for frontend development, when we use node.js for backend development, we should consider using a framework like express.js to simpify 
our development period. Not only increasing the speed, but also makes the code more clean and organized. Regardless of you're working on your own or working as a team, 
we all need a common shared framework to help us recognized the code from the others.

---

Commit message:

add notes - AJAX, JSON, Express.js

Notes/Day-100/README.md, after:

# The end of 100 Days
> This is the end of the 100 Days web development learning process. I'm not learning anything new today, just do a overview or rewind on what I've learnt in general.

---

## Frontend
Frontend is basically an entry or endpoint for the user to interact with our web application, here we need HTML for structuring our webpage, 
CSS for decorating it, JavaScript for manipulating the DOM element as well as play the role of fetching data from the client-side. 
Three of them are crucial to build a proper website, you can barely build a decent functional website without any of them.

## Backend
Backend is actually the part weighted the most for any business application, its role is to take care of all the business logic like user login / logout, 
letting the user make changes on their profile for say, which requires a requests to the server, then the backend server send a sql query to the database to modify the data.

In order the build up a website with user data or public information stored on it, we need a database, and the backend server play an important role to interact with the database as well.

## Dynamic Website
Dynamic website as opposed to static website, are able to display data / information based on what we've got, instead of showing fixed / hard code data like static website. 
And among them, we can build our own dynamic website with vanilla JavaScript for the frontend, and some template engine for the backend. 

## Frontend Framework
Nowaday, the number of smart devices are outweighing the number of desktop or laptop, it's more often we can see user browser with their mobile phone. 
Therefore, we're considering a website a proper user interactive website and responsive web design for website that are able to response to the user interaction, 
like clicking a button and the button will response visually, and website that will automatically fit on the screen based on the user's device.

However, even though pure Javascript can work it out for hundred percent, but it needs much more effort to build a proper user interactive website, 
and this is where a frontend framework come to place. A Frontend Framwork can simpify the processes of developing a high standard website, 
it makes complex project and large scale code based project more stuctural and maintainable.

## Backend Framework
Like vanilla JavaScript for frontend development, when we use node.js for backend development, we should consider using a framework like express.js to simpify 
our development period. Not only increasing the speed, but also makes the code more clean and organized. Regardless of you're working on your own or working as a team, 
we all need a common shared framework to help us recognized the code from the others.

---

## AJAX
AJAX stands for Asynchronous Javascript And XML, when we want to display some data changed after some user actions in the past, we need to refresh the webpage in order to do it. But with AJAX emerged, we can do fetch data and display it from the client-side Javascript. Which really enhance the user experience to interact with your website.

## JSON
JSON is an open standard format for data interchange over the network, machine can generate and parse easily, so as human. This is not exclusively for Javascript, almost every language has its way to parse JSON data. Therefore, JSON is widely used over the internet for serving data. The most commonly used case is the API.

## Node/Express.js
> Before diving into express.js, node.js is also a crucial tool for backend server. Node.js has became very popular in this few years, thanks for the large scale of JavaScript community, JavaScript was a frontend exclusive language in the past. 

---
